TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[birds chirping, squawking]
‐ It's here.
‐ [rumbling]
‐ [roars]
‐ [yells]
‐ [chain whooshes]
‐ [yelps]
‐ Outstanding work, Towa.
Nanasuke, Rokuta,
be careful of its poison!
‐ Right!
‐ Just leave it to us.
‐ [groans]
‐ Now, Setsuna, Hisui!
Bring it down!
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ [groaning]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ [yelps]
BOTH: Whoa. That's amazing.
‐ Yeah. They're getting better
at working together.
‐ [chuckles] Huh?
‐ Towa, your ability
to sense demon energy
is coming along nicely.
‐ Thanks.
I'm still working on it.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA:
"Meeting through an Apple."
[bell jingles]
[ship creaking]
KYUKI: Master.
It is your servant, Kyuki.
Beniyasha, as well
as the daughters of Sesshomaru,
have defeated Tokotsu.
‐ Sesshomaru's daughters,
you say?
‐ I fear they will bring
disaster to your door,
especially if you
do not take action
and they continue
to have free reign.
‐ Remind me, Kyuki.
Who is this Tokotsu again?
‐ He was one of the Four Perils
under your command, My Lord,
the one to whom
you bestowed the Red Pearl.
‐ Ah, yes.
If Tokotsu served under me,
then he must have been quite
the formidable warrior indeed.
Sesshomaru's daughters
defeating him
is quite the accomplishment.
‐ With your permission,
I would like the privilege
of taking care of this matter.
‐ [spits]
It doesn't suit my taste.
‐ Yes, My Lord.
Then I shall start
with Sesshomaru's daughters.
‐ [fire crackling]
‐ [insects chirping]
[brush rustles]
‐ Did everything go well?
‐ Yeah, all good.
[sighs]
Oh. That's right.
‐ Hey, Setsuna.
‐ Hmm.
Would you mind
playing your violin?
I suppose not.
[playing violin]
‐ Mama Moe would play
violin for me,
especially on days when I
would come home from a fight.
[music playing]
We sure bought a lot of stuff,
huh, Setsuna?
‐ We didn't spend
too much, did we?
‐ Don't worry about it.
Today's gonna be my treat.
‐ Thank you, Towa.
‐ Oh, that's right.
Here we go!
[laughs]
Well, come on. Give it a hug.
‐ OK.
‐ Oh, thank goodness.
Setsuna can
finally fall asleep.
‐ [violin not playing]
‐ I'm so relieved.
She finally fell asleep.
[birds squawking]
‐ Wait. We're not
taking Towa with us?
‐ No.
‐ What?! She already left
to slay demons?
‐ [sips]
‐ Without me?!
‐ Well, you were sleeping
quite peacefully, you know.
‐ [groans] Unbelievable!
She actually left me behind?
It's like...
it's like she thinks
I'm in the way or something!
I know what I have to do,
prove that I can be reliable.
‐ You're not leaving, are you?
‐ I'm going to Mount Musubi
to find the Dream Butterfly.
After all, that's why I came
to this era in the first place.
OK, see you later.
‐ [grumbles]
[sips]
‐ East is that direction.
OK, let's go!
[birds warbling]
‐ [chewing]
[sniffs]
[spits]
These taste disgusting.
‐ I guess using a modern map...
‐ Hmm?
is pretty pointless.
[groans]
Moroha brought
all this junk back with us,
and not a single thing
is even useful.
‐ You seem troubled,
Mr. Samurai.
‐ Eh?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Perhaps I could be
of assistance.
‐ Hmph.
‐ No need for that.
I promise I'm not suspicious.
‐ Is that so?
In that case,
don't bother me, 'K?
‐ I'm sorry,
but I can't agree to that.
I think
we should stick together,
‐ since we're both lost.
‐ "We're both lost"?
Don't loop me in with you.
I know exactly where I'm going.
‐ Oh, sure, but you've
lost your way, right?
‐ I am not lost.
I'm searching
for the Dream Butterfly.
Now buzz off!
‐ Huh? That must be difficult.
I doubt butterflies
are common at this time of year.
‐ I have it on good authority
there are some at Mount Musubi.
‐ What's this?
I thought you were a samurai,
but you're a princess, huh?
I hope you'll forgive
my terrible mistake.
Uh, please don't
leave me behind, Princess.
I'm having so much trouble
finding my way back to my ship.
‐ Your ship? Does that mean
the ocean's nearby?
‐ Indeed, it is.
That's the one thing
I'm sure of.
‐ Now I've done it.
I thought I was heading
towards the mountains.
Leave it to me to end up
closer to the sea instead.
[sniffing]
You're right.
I smell water
from that direction.
‐ Really? That's great!
‐ Uh‐‐
‐ OK, let's go.
‐ Whoa! Hey!
[brush rustling]
[hoofbeats clopping]
[horse snorts]
‐ [water rushing]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Are you sure...
this is the ocean?
‐ [chuckles]
I guess this might be
a little too small
to be an ocean, huh?
‐ Even so!
If I follow this river,
I'm certain to find my way.
Thanks for all your help.
I'm grateful.
‐ [groans]
It's so nice out here.
And this is a perfect spot
for a snack break.
[tone chimes]
Whoa! So cool!
‐ What is that...
‐ [drinking]
‐ some kind of magic trick?
‐ Not really.
If you focus your energy,
anybody can do this.
I'm sure you could
if you tried, Princess.
‐ [gasps] You think so?
Hey, Mister,
you wanna come and join?
‐ [sighs] Princess,
I don't mean to be rude,
but I am no "Mister."
However, you can
call me Riku if you like.
What's your name, Princess?
‐ Well, I'm no princess.
My name's Towa Higurashi.
Riku. I'll be sure to remember.
‐ I'd prefer you remember me
as Riku the Pirate,
Lady Towa, alright?
‐ What?! You're a pirate?
‐ Rest assured, I make sure
not to take anything
from women,
children, or those in need.
‐ Hmm.
‐ Wow. These are
all fascinating.
So, each of these things
are edible?
‐ Help yourself.
‐ Don't mind if I do!
Oh, my! It's wonderful!
This flavor,
there's nothing like it!
‐ I agree. I think that kind
of apple is delicious, too.
Selective breeding
has really come a long way,
and the flavor of food
keeps improving over time.
‐ So this is an apple.
Unbelievable! A taste like this
would surely banish you
from paradise.
‐ Oh, and when
you're all done with it,
I'll take the core.
Can't have it take root
and mess up
the course of history.
That would be a disaster.
‐ I ate the whole thing,
core and all.
Thank you
for the hospitality.
As one abandoned by his master,
it's far more than I deserve.
‐ Huh?
‐ I'm saying
that you have fed me
the forbidden fruit, Lady Towa.
‐ Wh‐What do you mean?
‐ By the way, I'm curious.
Could that katana
be the Kikujumonji?
‐ No. It's apparently
a knockoff.
See? It broke pretty easily.
‐ I should think so.
The real one should be with
the Deputy Shogun of Kanto,
Ogigayatsu Hiiragi, as it was
bestowed to him by the shogun.
‐ The shogun?
And the deputy shogun?
‐ Well, anyway, I must repay
your kindness for the apple.
[tone chimes]
If fate allows it,
I hope we meet again.
Until then, farewell.
‐ Uh, hang on!
[gasps]
Hey! Wait! You forgot this.
‐ I would like to present that
to you as a gift,
a reminder of our meeting!
‐ A gift?
For me?
‐ [chuckles]
I hope you like it,
dear Princess.
‐ A katana?
Wait. Is this real?
[sighs] Amazing.
So this is the real deal.
‐ I recently stole that katana
from the deputy shogun's
estate, so rest assured,
it's definitely
the genuine Kikujumonji.
‐ And there he goes.
Who was he, anyway?
‐ [brush rustles]
‐ Hey, you, there!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Stay where you are!
We are retainers of the Deputy
Shogun, Ogigayatsu Hiiragi.
‐ [gasps]
‐ So you're the culprit
who stole that katana
a few days ago.
‐ Uh, no, I...
‐ We're taking you into custody!
‐ This is a misunderstanding.
I didn't steal it!
[Sokyu laughs]
We've got you,
Princess Half‐Demon.
The clothes you wear,
there's no doubt in my mind that
they're from the other world.
‐ An apparition?
‐ Sir Sokyu, these must be
her tea‐ceremony supplies.
‐ Bring it all
back to the estate.
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ [gasping]
‐ Do I address
the Princess Half‐Demon?
I am Deputy Shogun of Kanto.
My name is
Ogigayatsu Hiiragi Danjo.
‐ The name's Towa Higurashi.
Sorry to burst your bubble,
but I'm no Princess Half‐Demon.
‐ She claims this is
a mistake in identity, Sokyu.
‐ My Lord, by your leave,
please allow me.
My young princess,
this is a manuscript
you had on your person,
is it not?
‐ That idiot!
Why'd she have to bring
that back with her?
Here's some friendly advice.
You should let me go right now
if you know what's good for you,
or else you're
really not gonna like it
when my friends get here.
‐ [laughs]
Such nonsense.
I have something
I would like for you to see.
[claps]
‐ [gasps] A bicycle seat?!
‐ Ah, so you
recognize this object.
‐ So it would seem.
She at least
knows something about it.
‐ What's a thing like that
doing here?
‐ [laughs]
There used to be rumors
in the Musashi Province.
You see, the story goes
that a priestess arrived
through the Bone Eater's Well
from a faraway land
called Tokyo.
‐ Tokyo?
Well? Priestess?!
‐ She and a half‐demon
by the name of Inuyasha
were known to traverse the land
slaying demons of all sorts.
Listen well, for what
I'm about to share with you
is a tale that I heard
over a decade ago.
SETSUNA: She went
to Mount Musubi
to find the butterfly?
‐ She had mentioned wanting
to prove you could rely on her
and that she wasn't a nuisance
before she set out.
‐ The moment the collar
comes off, she runs away.
And here I thought
she was being happily tamed.
‐ Are you heading
to Mount Musubi as well?
‐ No. I am going
to fetch the dog
that strayed from the pack.
‐ Hmm. My next bounty's Kyuki,
one of the Four Perils.
Interesting how these requests
to take out big‐name demons
keep rolling in,
don't you think?
Who keeps putting in
for these jobs?
I bet you know something,
Takechiyo.
‐ It's better
that you don't ask.
Master Jyubei said the requests
are from someone
he can't refuse, no matter what.
‐ Is that right?
‐ Master Jyubei has graciously
given you advance payment.
You need to stop your whining
and do the job
he paid you to do!
‐ OK, OK! I get it!
‐ She definitely
passed through here,
but Mount Musubi's
in the other direction.
‐ Yo, Setsuna! Guess what.
I got us another demon slaying
job from Mr. Jyubei.
‐ You did, eh?
‐ [grunts]
Hey, where's Towa?
She's always with you.
Looks like
she got herself lost somewhere.
I've tried to reach her,
but got no response.
‐ [scoffs]
So as usual, she's hopeless.
‐ That seems strange.
Master Jyubei says
that out of the three of you
Half‐Demon Princesses,
Towa is the most reliable
by a landslide.
‐ Well, that's nonsense.
Unless you mean
reliably useless, of course.
‐ She's not, and this proves it.
She's already close
to where Kyuki is located.
‐ What? No way!
‐ It's true!
She got an audience
with Ogigayatsu Hiiragi Danjo,
the Deputy Shogun.
I bet he's already
giving her a gift
as a reward for her deeds.
‐ Something is not right.
‐ Hey, Setsuna, wait up!
It's the deputy shogun's
estate, right?
Can you take us there,
Takechiyo?
‐ Alright, but if I do,
you better make sure
to get Kyuki's head.
You got that?!
[Kyuki laughs]
So you're on your way,
Half‐Demon Princesses.
With the Gold,
Silver, and Red Pearls
all gathered together,
in one fell swoop,
I will have four of them
neatly within my grasp.
If I succeed,
I will have amassed
more demon power
than even Lord Kirinmaru.
Fubuki, I command you
to steal the Rainbow Pearls
from those two.
[laughs]
No need to worry.
We can let Yotsume take care
of collecting the Silver Pearl
from the other girl.
SOKYU: That demon
was called Root Head,
It burrowed underground,
absorbing nutrients from humans,
meaning the local villages
were in danger.
‐ [rumbling]
‐ [both grunt]
‐ Something's coming.
‐ [growling]
[roaring]
[Takechiyo yelps]
‐ It was waiting to ambush us.
‐ Is that thing Kyuki?
TAKECHIYO: No, that's one
of Kyuki's underlings, Fubuki!
‐ I've heard of it before.
It's an ice
and snow demon beast,
and it nests in the north.
‐ Ice and snow.
‐ [shell clicks]
‐ Moroha!
‐ I've got this.
‐ No, save your strength.
I'll take out that vermin.
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [groans]
[grunts]
[roars]
[Takechiyo yelps]
[squeals]
It's like
I was attacking the air.
‐ That's not it.
Most of that beast is
pretty much made up of just fog.
Its main body
is hiding out somewhere.
Question is, how do we find it?
‐ But then, Root Head
opened his great maw...
‐ Setsuna and Moroha
are close by.
‐ ..."I'll eat you whole,
Shikon Jewel and all," you see?
‐ Apparitions sure do
run their mouths a lot.
And I'm sensing
another one nearby.
It's small, but it's
definitely an apparition.
‐ [soft growling]
‐ There.
Setsuna and Moroha must be
fighting that tiny polar bear.
Come on. Focus.
I have to help Setsuna.
[gasps]
‐ [growling]
‐ [gasps] There!
I sense Towa's energy.
‐ Yeah? Where?
‐ She's in a village
off that way!
Fubuki's main body
is there, too.
‐ I see. So that's how it is.
OK, then.
Bingo! There's the main body!
Yo, hit the mark.
Sacred Arrow!
‐ [roars]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Now!
‐ [growls]
[yelps]
‐ Yes! We did it.
‐ [roars]
‐ Hate to say it,
but I think what
Mr. Jyubei said might be true.
‐ About what?
‐ You know, about Towa
being the most reliable one
out of the three of us.
‐ [grunts] Maybe,
but she also causes
the most trouble.
‐ Now, Princess Half‐Demon,
let's waste no more time.
You must tell us
how you came here.
I'm sure you must know.
Tell us, what will happen
to the shogunate?
What is the fate of our clan?
‐ Excellency...
‐ Hmm? What is it?
‐ Run away.
‐ What?
‐ [door rattles]
‐ H‐Hey!
‐ There's an intruder!
‐ [scuffling]
‐ You'll get hurt if you stay.
‐ Who are you?!
‐ Time's running out.
‐ [yelps]
‐ [gasps] What's happening?
‐ GUARD: Stop!
‐ MOROHA: Shut up!
Man, these guards are soft!
Towa, let's get going, already!
We don't have time to waste
in a place like this.
‐ You really are a handful.
‐ Thanks, Setsuna,
and you, too, Moroha.
‐ I demand answers.
Who are you?
‐ Well,
it's kind of a long story.
Eh? [sniffs]
Aha! Yup!
I knew that something
smelled funny around here!
So it's you, Yotsume!
‐ [groans]
‐ Well, since you're here,
I might as well take you out!
‐ Moroha, don't rush in!
‐ [groans]
‐ You're an apparition?!
‐ Oh, shit!
‐ You brat!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hah! That bird's
a sore loser, isn't he?
‐ Moroha, wait!
‐ Eh?
‐ That guy seems
like he might know something.
It's better if we capture him
and make him talk.
‐ OK. Well, we still have
to chase him down first!
‐ [sighs]
Excellency.
‐ Eh?
‐ I'll be taking this.
‐ Who exactly were those girls?
‐ Oh, almost forgot.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'm taking this, too.
It is mine.
Gotta go now.
See you around.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: The three of us chase
after the owl demon Yotsume
to get to the bottom
of whatever he's scheming.
‐ Not so fast!
Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
TOWA: But then he uses
the power of a Rainbow Pearl
and casts a dirty spell on us!
SETSUNA: He's peering
inside our minds
to look for weaknesses.
TOWA: Who is this woman?
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Dream Gazing Trap."
KIKYO: The poor soul.
Don't you agree,
daughter of Sesshomaru?